>> Mike North: So finally, before we
begin the next exercise there's this
one last clue that's gonna help you out.
We can create a type alias, particularly
when you're working with tuples.
It's tough to look at a tuple and
kind of keep all of these straight, right.
You might have three or four or
five things that all look
like three numbers together.
Like this could be a color rgb or it could
be xyz coordinates or something like that.
We can give it a name using a type,
the type keyword.
So here we're saying,
I'm gonna use this word color and
what I really mean is a tuple of size
three containing number, number, number.
>> Mike North: You can export this and
import it from another class, or
use it in another interface,
whatever you wanna do.
This color now, it is usable anywhere,
other types are usable.
Just like in interface, just like these
type literals we've been creating.
So, feel free to go about using that.